Update debugger guide with SLBeta4 features (#2981)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/getting-started/visual-studio-code-extension/debugging.md

Logpoints are another variant of breakpoints, which do not "break" the program execution but instead log a message to the console. Logpoints are especially useful for injecting logging while debugging production servers that cannot be paused or stopped.

> Logpoints can also be enabled/disabled and can be controlled by conditions, similar to regular breakpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logpoints can also be enabled/disabled and can be controlled by conditions similar to regular breakpoints.
```

![Debugger Logpoints](/learn/images/debugger-logpoints.gif)

> Log messages can either be plain texts, or string templates which can contain expressions to be evaluated within `${}` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log messages can either be plain texts or string templates, which can contain expressions to be evaluated within the `${}` syntax.
```

![Debugger String Temaplate Logpoints](/learn/images/debugger-logpoints-template.gif)

### Pause/Continue

Any running Ballerina programs can be suspended immediately at the current execution line of the program using the `pause` command in VSCode as shown below. 

> With this feature, users are able to suspend(and resume) the remote VM, resulting a debug hit at the current execution line of the program. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature, you are able to suspend (and resume) the remote VM resulting in a debug hit at the current execution line of the program. 
```

![Debugger Pause/Resume Commands](/learn/images/debugger-pause-resume-commands.gif)

> This feature will be useful in contexts where the program seems to be hanged due to blocking operations/infinite loops, and the user wants to know the exact line that the program is waiting on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature will be useful in contexts where the program seems to be hanged due to blocking operations/infinite loops, and when you want to know the exact line that the program is waiting on.
```
